Add Linux Flatpak instructions (#24)
GDQuest/zed-gdscript: README.md

4. Set "Exec Path" to the path of your Zed executable
5. Set "Exec Flags" to `{project} {file}:{line}:{col}`

> If you have installed Godot and Zed via Flatpak on Linux, use the following parameters:
> 
> 4. Set "Exec Path" to `flatpak-spawn`
> 5. Set "Exec Flags" to `--host flatpak run dev.zed.Zed {project} {file}:{line}:{col}`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have installed Godot and Zed via Flatpak on Linux, use the following parameters:

1. Set "Exec Path" to `flatpak-spawn`
2. Set "Exec Flags" to `--host flatpak run dev.zed.Zed {project} {file}:{line}:{col}`

```

Author: Steps 4 and 5 meant that steps 1-3 were needed and only 4 and 5 had to be replaced :laughing:
But of course; I'm totally fine with that :+1:
